#summary This is the technical documentation of the Car Slogan Generator

= Introduction =

The following informations describe how to use the Car Slogan Generator.

= Use the generator via demonstrator =

Instructions to run the demonstrator are given on the project home page [https://code.google.com/p/pp-slogan-generation/ pp-slogan-generation]

= Integrate the generator in some other project =

To use the generator in another project you need:
  * Maven/Eclipse -project from [https://code.google.com/p/pp-slogan-generation/ pp-slogan-generation]
  * An Uby database from [https://code.google.com/p/uby/ Uby]/[http://uby.ukp.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de/uby/]
  * (optionally) A Web1T corpus. _Needed for Slogan Pattern 8 and 9 (NC PC NC)_
  * (optionally) The NRC Emotion Lexicon. _Needed for emotion support._


== Classes of interest ==

=== de.tobiasloeser.slogangenerator.Main ===
Use the function *main* to get a list of objects of the class *Slogan*.
The class Slogan has a function *toString* to get the slogan as a string. 
The function *main* needs a object of the class *SGConfig*.
=== de.tobiasloeser.slogangenerator.SGConfig ===
This class offers different options. 
  * SloganCount: Count of slogans to generate
  * ProductName: Name of product
  * UseProductNameCreative: Possibility to use product name in different ways
  * GoodLuck: Generator will try to get more verbs with semantic label
  * Emotion: Get slogans with emotions like 
    * positive
    * negative
    * anger
    * anticipation
    * disgust
    * fear
    * joy
    * sadness
    * surprise
    * trust
  * TemplateId:
    # NC with Alliteration
    # NC without Alliteration
    # VC NC without Alliteration
    # VC NC with Alliteration
    # NC VC NC without Alliteration
    # NC VC NC with Alliteration
    # NC with Oxymoron
    # NC PC NC without Alliteration (Web1T is needed)
    # NC PC NC with Alliteration (Web1T is needed)

Settings: 
    * DBUser: User for database
    * DBPassword: Password for database
    * DBUrl: URL of database
    * Web1TPath: Path to Web1T
    * EmotionPath: Path to Emotionlist.sg (generation possible with NRC Emotion Lexicon)

=== de.tobiasloeser.slogangenerator.SloganGenerator ===

Use the constructor with an object of SGConfig and then use the generateSlogans method (also with SGConfig) to generate slogans the simplest way.

== Creation of Emotionlist.sg ==

To create the Emotionlist.sg file use the class EmotionListGenerator. You need the path to the NRC Emotion Lexicon and the path where you want to save the Emotionlist.sg file. 